including the option to buy another 20 aircraft , overall , in fact , the $ 26 billion .
719 companies ' shares rose , fell 2281 and 79 have stayed the same level .
some love birds , and others would like to get rid of them as quickly as possible . ravens centuries were part of the urban landscape , but residents , complaining of the dirt and noise , in many settlements is becoming more .
in the first symposium , dedicated воронам , in the eastern town of лер фризии experts argued that грачей it is impossible to banish from cities .
hunting , the construction and cutting the traditional for nesting trees made life birds .
in the city of зест in westphalia and the north - west йевере дипхольце , ахиме under бременом and лере has large colony , more than 600 parenting couples .
critics have described catch birds in their traps and забивание with sticks as a special violence .
сбивание nests water or cutting trees often have undesirable consequences , " said kaiser , an expert on environmental protection manfred from lara , baden - wurttemberg .
распугивание can only be in the form of exclusion beside hospitals , nursing homes , and schools .
problem apart from the surrounding areas in cities will not be solved , " says лера wolfgang кельнер mayor .
" information stands instead of бензопил " - was the slogan , proposed by a psychologist and этнологом утой mary yurgens , which stands for a completely different approach to birds . " we should be confident to live with this problem . "
wit and wits these birds are included in legends . грачи often use guns , not only to приглянувшимся piece , but make guns themselves .
in one experiment birds , quickly realized that we need to knock the дощечке , to larva моли .
in another sharp грачам experiment had to resolve more difficult task .
all four birds use wired , used to make hooks and hooks to a bucket on the handle and pull him out of the cylinders .
croatia , portugal , and the czech republic and ireland , will take part in the european championships 2012 .
under the leadership of superstar cristiano ronaldo , who scored on 8 and 53 minutes , portugal defeated bosnia and herzegovina with a score 6:2 ( 2-1 ) , getting his fifth exit the euro after 0:0 perfectly at the first stage .
croatia had missed his chance , not playing 0:0 against turkey and ireland easily managed account 1:1 ( 1:0 ) against estonia .
a former professional player from вольфсбурга bundesliga звездан мисимович and captain emir спахич reduced разницуна результативному penalty by two points on the 41 - minute and goal at the 65th for bosnia .
portugal already выбивала bosnia , the playoffs 2010 world championships in south africa .
ronaldo took early start , a free strike the gate around 30 meters .
bosnians who do not have opened an account in the first half an hour , got their first opportunity thanks to the attacker эдину джеко .
after attack on the elder поштигу in penalty site bosnians on the 36th minute штарк decided that portuguese player feigned , and showed him a yellow card .
after the break , vice - champions europe 2004 at the expense of another four голами .
european champions of 1976 , are at the european championship for the fifth time in a row .
goalkeeper petr czech the 9th minute thanks to the instant рефлексу prevented a potential own goal томаша сивока .
damjanovic on the 40 - minute hit from the edge of the penalty areas and almost scored a goal czech .
победный goal was the beaten just before the whistle .
over four days after the losing 0:3 in istanbul , turks were n't able to play better than draw 0:0 in zagreb .
turks almost managed to perfect start in front of 31,000 viewers at the stadium максимир .
after croatia woke up and yet more захватывала control of a game .
the bundesliga daniel пранич ( bavaria , munich ) and gordon шильденфельд айнтрахт , frankfurt ) were on the field along with mario манджукичем of wolfsburg , which gave place to ivan перишичу from дортмунда on the 62 - minute .
irish in dublin celebrated her first entry into the euro after germany in 1988 .
konstantin vasil'ev guest from the team bus from the 57 - the minute .
at the last minute estonian defender managed to prevent him to withdraw ireland ahead .
round the protection of goalkeeper paul лондака , ward has been in place and , ball through the line , has changed the account at 1:0 .
52 - year - old woman was seriously damaged on monday , berlin district лихтенберг as a result of a fall in the tram .
tram was forced to dramatically slow the херцбергаллее when suddenly stopped machine before him .
armed man robbed store in berlin district фриденау at night , on monday .
after a box with money was given to , the robber fled неопознанным and with неустановленным quantity of money .
he tried to evade a collision with фургоном with the trailer , that suddenly left on the road with a petrol station .
the police in a statement on tuesday , said she tried to cross the road at a pedestrian crossing at the crossroads of karl - liebknecht - strasse , and александерштрассе .
a woman was struck by an off - and in critical condition , was taken to the hospital for a treatment .
it stopped and the men fled on foot .
шведте in a pedestrian shot with a balcony from a gun .
it was awarded рваную wound and taken to a hospital .
a police spokesman said that the between woman and suspects , there is any connection .
the driver - a man seriously injured in the district potsdam - миттельмарк when a clash with the truck .
from a strike car threw on the opposite side of roads , where he faced truck .
woman was seriously damaged by an attempt to steal her bag and нидергерсдорфе in the district includes the fleming .
when the victim has resisted , he hit her baton in hand and head .
older people several times обкрадывали over the last weeks in cemetery in фюрстенвальде .
victims were mostly older women , ухаживавшие of tombs the relatives .
the last theft of a few hundreds of euros in cash has been done in the past on friday .
boys ranging in age from 15 to 25 years разрисовали railway carriage in хоэншенхаузенер " гренцграбене .
soon but they were arrested on stop ландсбергер - alley .
disabled man the stroller , crossed the road the шведте seriously injured .
car задела buggy , a man fell on the road and he received head injuries .
seven - year - old children was downed machine and was injured in веддинге
police said in a statement that he had been delivered in the hospital with facial injuries and two feet .
police said in statement that he was taken in the hospital with head injuries and could not be interviewed .
police representative , said , that the 34 - year - old man tried to extinguish the fire .
the police said in a statement that the меллендорфштрассе car skidded it , about a tram rails , and stood on the rails .
was caused by the fire brigade , and she had to take seriously the 23 - year - old passenger car from покореженного and to bring him in hospital .
police in a statement said that the residents of the house noticed the smoke at the apartment stairwell and caused the fire brigade .
two men have suffered in the fighting in fast - food restaurant in панкове last saturday evening .
two 19 - year - old tried to help young men , but were immediately beating four men .
eyewitness courageously came to help girls , who adhere to the metro station гезундбруннен , and has been beaten .
fire started on a construction site in quarter посольском тиргартена on saturday .
a large cloud of smoke from the fire was , which has been well seen from a distance .
pipes central heating and electricity transmission line district were injured by fire .
the police in a statement on saturday reported that a man about red was on the martin - опиц strasse when approached three criminals , and was asked how much time .
police have found поллучившего seriously injured a man lying on the street and have an ambulance .
police in a statement on saturday reported that the 49 - year - old colleague berlin transport services ( bvg ) was forced to stop the зеештрассе in веддинге after it unexpectedly attacked 30 - year - old man .
police soon arrested drunk male boy had to get his grandfather .
police said in a statement , said a house fire around midnight , and also saw two men dressed in dark men who перелезали штеегерштрассе through the wall nearby cemetery .
police in a statement on friday reported that the labrador , presumably , jumped on the stove to get to their meal .
bella in a fourth of finally will be able to marry of their beloved .
software maker in europe , sap , plans to invest billions and almost double the number of employees in the china in the next few years .
" we 'll create more opportunities for research and development work and take on thousands of people , " said in a statement , bill макдермотт , one of the sap executive board of directors , the consumer exhibition in beijing .
world market leader in industrial software planning to double the number of their offices five to ten or eleven .
in this country , experiencing economic boom , sap is located about 4,000 customers from more than 176 million around the world .
sap plans to to increase the turnover by 2015 up to $ 20 billion euros .
business software , a 55,000 employees around the world , better than ever .
" now we want to change the scale of our operations , " , says макдермотт .
here is the council , read more : carefully cut that page and use it as a bookmark .
a book he wrote the now - unusual , he describes her , quite accurately , as a " work on anti - history . "
it was not so much a book about that , " he explains , " as " a book about what it looks like . " is about " feelings , impressions , experiences and spirit . "
their life мерцают here , as church candles : a new added to many other , and some of them at this time are dampened .
it , and an amendment to the notion that the first world war was only the difficult окопной war on the western front .
the soldiers in this book are пчелиные beehives ; one of them meets christmas in egypt , under the pyramids ; нерешаемая the problem is a tsetse fly .
war a life of these people , natural catastrophe , as hurricane katrina , smelling бездымным порохом .
" the lack of facts , " says mr. englund , the " scenic conjecture , assumptions , hopes , fears , conspiracy theories , dreams , nightmares , and speculation . "
their history are taken mostly from memoirs , letters and other has been published materials .
many of them about privations and how to deal from them .
" заменителькофе that forged aluminum , rubber , paper armbands ненастоящая , wooden , . "
he describes " meat of stabilized rice , brewed in бараньем fat ( and украшенного false bone made from wood ) ; tobacco , made from dried roots and сушеной potato has been scrubbed ; shoes , подбитую tree . "
british soldiers on the contrary , says , that he likely will die and no one will notice and огорчится .
but that on the contrary , it seems " sentenced to a man who is secretly " .
" conflict increasingly become the economic competition , " mr. englund writes , - " of war . "
people are in unexpected ways : low acts as much , much heroism .
" the most grotesque expression that you can see the trade гонорейным гноем , which soldiers were bought and размазывали had himself on the genitals in the hope to get into the hospital , " he writes .
translated from the swedish by peter грейвзом prose , mr. энглунда flexible but understated , suitable for his humanitarian challenges .
the book to mr энглунда part of this unconventional takes pantheon .
night watch monday on tuesday were chosen because in the zuccotti park in this time would be less than the people .
police commissioner raymond w. kelly was at the center of events , his presence подчеркивало police department , how much importance to surgery .
so after two weeks the planning and training began police operation on the release from zuccotti park protesters .
the largest anti - crisis teachings were held on the island of рэнделс with a zuccotti .
the training took place on the evening on monday evening on манхэттенской the east river .
" the more cops , whom i know and which brought this case , not told that their direct in zuccotti park , " said the man , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
one of the main reasons for secrecy was a lesson has learned of the city .
in the operation on tuesday attended by members of the various police units , including the strength of the districts - team of police officers , who usually used for control of the crime окрестными district .
the " right was to do it then , when in the park is less than all of the people , " he said .
limelight and recorded announcement in advance , his racing blared from loudspeakers , seem to устрашили many protesters .
police reported that the tent did not touch until 1:45 a.m. , giving the protesters , time to collect things .
but many argue that they did n't see how the police , and that police treat them roughly .
when police went to the west through a pile of personal things and protesters , including bags , plastic mats antifiltration bags full of clothing , the health department followed the team , it was collecting what belloq , .
camp 's main group of protestors took positions near the kitchen , central park .
about 10 people , in the midst of camps herself together for hands .
mop - up operation was completed around through just 75 minutes , said the police .
most were arrested for " violation of the public order and resistance when questioned , " he said .
phil . т. пуласки , chairman of the detective police department , as well was there .
the second was waiting for the group of police officers along the eastern side of the street and broadway , between liberty - сидар - street , on the case will have to enter .
observers have seen , as these positions of the police was perimeter beyond the boundaries of zuccotti park .
around 5 a.m. to the south from the pine street is one of the protesters jumped on the roof of the police car , and others , according to witnesses , in the air from tires police van .
as a result , a policeman and one from the protesters have hospitalized .
trade union , representing hundreds of employees staff schools who have lost seats in the last month , plans to sue the city on wednesday , arguing that layoffs were not needed and were discriminatory because of the disproportionate impact on schools , where poor students attend .
six hundred and seventy - two school assistant coordinator , working with parents and other employees who were among the most low - wage workers in the city , have lost their place on october 7 as a result of that union leaders called the political reaction to their refusal to give city workers access to health care funds run by groups , to close a hole in the budget last spring .
at a hearing in the council last month , the schools chancellor dennis m. уолкотт said that layoffs were part of budget , which they are signed in june .
representatives of the district council 37 reported that they have notice claims , the department of education , warning that filed against him ; on wednesday , will be held a press conference to announce the formal file a lawsuit in state supreme court in manhattan .
elizabeth thomas , a spokesperson for the city 's legal department , said that the city have not seen the lawsuit and therefore could not comment on its specific position .
he points out that , while the статен - island was not layoffs , and schools in upper east side or трибеки were little , 17 school support workers have lost their seats in the district 23 in браунсвилле , brooklyn , and 46 in the south bronx , was forced to resign in the districts 8 and 9 .
p.s. budget 36th was scrapped at 3,26 percent this year , and it also lost money , when the city changed the way to the additional funding for every poor student , who is enrolled in school .
in the notice used the word " abuse " , while about the " excessive " more often , when a teacher from payroll school moves in the list of available workers , which pays wages central office .
everything that is needed , to the insurgency failed , a longtime dictator muammar qaddafi was captured and murdered , and the american intervention was completed .
" sense of this resolution in order to give honor отважному people of libya , when they begin to rebuild their country , " kerry said .
language may seem harmless , but is no discussion on libya held easily .
in june , kerry and mccain presented the resolution , allowing limited the use of american forces in libya .
but in the same day , when the bill failed in the house of representatives , the house as well as not supported a proposal that would cut funding for u.s. operation in libya .
resolution of the foreign affairs committee at " the people of libya for his incredible courage and the formidable resistance in the quest for freedom " and thanks the men and women of the armed forces of the united states and their coalition partners , who participated in the military operations to protect the libyan people for their unusual courage and professionalism . "
whether the new measures will have complete support of the council on foreign affairs or расколют lawmakers as the june bill ?
люгера representative said on monday that he still did not see latest version of the bill .
this measure , proposed a member of the u.s. house of representatives , republican bob гудлатом ( virginia ) , will be the first constitutional amendment on the budget or any other that will be on the plenary vote in congress this session .
amendment гудлата - just one of the 68 of constitutional amendments affecting a wide range of issues that were in this meeting .
there is at least 15 versions of the balanced budget amendment only in the house of representatives and yet it is about the " control of federal spending . "
the budget control act , which was in august , demanded that and house of representatives and senate voted for the balanced budget amendment .
in addition to budget , some of the congressmen want to limit the number of terms of members of congress , and a member of the house of representatives jose serrano ( democrat , new york ) wants to cancel the restriction of the two terms for president .
amendment banning same - sex marriages are already many years , and as another , banning the burning flag .
as tended to members of congress to propose amendments , they are no faster , than in previous years .
this rate pales in comparison to the start of the 1990s , when members of congress , according to the library of the senate , have offered more than 150 amendments to once every two years .
the latest amendment , which was accepted , " 27 - i - was approved by parliament in 1992 , but congress it really was in 1789 .
ten months later after an armed man shot in her emphasis on public event in tucson , a member of the democratic party , representative gabrielle giffords ( ariz. ) on monday evening , appeared on federal channel подпела melody from бродвейского show " the sun tomorrow will return " and said that she wants to get better , more than to return to congress .
program has demonstrated its bumpy recovery after injury inflicted by a bullet which раздробила пробила left side of the brain and skull , from front to the back of the head .
in his first televised interview after the january shooting , in which six were killed and 13 people wounded , giffords smiled , laughed and sang " and called his recovery is " difficult . "
an interview with giffords and her husband , astronaut mark kelly , was part of the hour of special issue of " 20/20 " , which was on the eve of the new book spouses " гэбби : the story of courage and hope . "
on the video , the kelly in the first few weeks , she is lying on a hospital bed with a shaved head and a long scar on forehead .
a few months later we see giffords sits in the chair , and physiotherapists teach her how to perform simple .
a few days later , giffords said at the second word - lunch " toast " , request to change the menu .
in an interview with sawyer giffords , which spends two hours a day on the procedure , said he did not remember day attempt .
whether лафнер suspected attacker джерд found in missouri and subject to forced treatment in prison awaiting trial .
" and as i said : " the гэбби , you have not beaten " , " said kelly .
and you 'll pass through it , you get выздоровеешь and return stronger than ever before .
this event was celebration on wall street , which collected millions of dollars to homeless veterans in new york .
the cue of several hundred soldiers , sailors , airmen and marines in lining up around him .
" on the troops looked on as heroes , " said david зальцман , which organized the spring collection of money .
" treated , with orphaned children , " wrote his officer in the email .
completely opposite experiences illustrate the difficult relationship that developed between the army and often indifferent , sometimes in the us public .
" we 're not victims , " said brigadier general shawn b. mcfarland , who commanded the forces in iraq and soon left for afghanistan .
this is a sensitive subject for commanders who do not want to seem ungrateful or objecting , to whom they serve .
as a result of the majority of talk of a pity is quiet and only between combat veterans .
some will look at them with admiration , because they smash the rebel and been in exotic places .
while looking for work , he says , he felt that some interviewers cautiously asked , can he withstand the strain responsible for work in washington , d.c. , immediately after the military campaign .
uncomfortable , which are of the military , partly derives from american indifference to the wars .
" we , as a nation , no longer appreciate military heroism , as it was quite commonly in world war ii , " says a retired lieutenant general david бэрноу , who commanded us forces in afghanistan .
troops are on the number of trips , that they committed , the number of associates , which they lost , or scale of the losses .
this week , a historic court hearings must be decided , will be adopted against 28 men and women against the army on непротиводействии rape .
average first class , elizabeth lyman 25 years and 11 week of pregnancy , she argued , was raped their сослуживцем night .
he asked if he can be to go to her in the room have .
through a few minutes after they went into the room lyman , the man approached her behind , and raped , she said .
the lawsuit alleges that gates and rumsfeld failed to cope with widespread violence in the army soldiers in violation of constitutional rights .
burke says she books on the higher echelons of the army , because that the problem starts with them .
" who is those people , which can destroy cult violence " top management . "
her strategy : instead , to collect all the plaintiffs in this case - put all your eggs in one basket , so to speak , " she will bring many things , if necessary , to maintain the pressure .
court documents , who received newsweek , the strategy is basically a protection that former or current soldiers could not claims to the army for damage sustained in the armed forces .
" alleged damage refers to the risk присущему service of the plaintiffs , " said the documents .
in iraq and afghanistan teams women soldiers play an increasingly important role , especially in contact with local women in a combat zone .
in the yale law school seminar veterans legal services is the case against four major military academies on charges of encouraging женоненавистнической atmosphere .
her group management filed in december sued veterans affairs , accusing him of discriminatory practice handling applications for the pensions from people who claim that the threat of sexual violence during the service .
in 2010 , according to prevention and combating sexual violence of the ministry of turnover , was reported on 3.158 trying to rape .
in this report , published in march , as well as the percentage of litigation : in 2010 , 20 percent of the cases reached court - known in the two times less than in the civilian justice system .
in rape case lyman , she said the military police less than one hour after it occurred .
she gathered with evidence of rape , and blood of assailant - cut on his hand - was found on her bed .
six man given a description of the , who was ultimately acquitted .
" i thought i was now a - i ran out of the courtroom , with shouting " .
lyman ordered to turn to a military psychiatrist who ultimately diagnosed her personality that made its change to service .
продвинется will forward the case by the lyman and her comrades on the claim , is a difficult question , " says john turley , professor of law at george washington university school of law .
between them and is the verdict doctrine , which criticized since , she appeared .
army lagged for decades , because she does not have those incentives and restraining resources , which imposes liability .
these things will only when , good people who want to to fight .
" we will continue to fight the army on this issue , is not yet will reform , " she says .
on monday , breivik , suspected of committing mass murder in norway in july , which has taken the lives of 77 people , came on its first open judicial hearing .
years after tragedy , researchers to learn more about the these people .
supply of personal data on facebook is so great , " says bartlett , that researchers could easily use the site 's advertising tool to highlight the demographic group with scientific precision - that marketers and for a few years .
with facebook bartlett and his colleagues were able to interview more than 10,000 participants 14 far - right parties in the 11 european countries - not out of the office .
some of the results not so striking : online supporters of right - wing groups -- most often young and male , dissatisfied with the immigration .
work demos - just one example of how facebook is becoming a popular tool in the hands of scientists .
with more than 800 million active users , add an average of three records in the day , " super - hot information , " facebook causes research boom , increasing number of scientific articles with the name of the site in the title by 800 percent over the past five years .
" previously , if you want to interview people in british national party , and would have been very difficult to identify them . "
" facebook out all this is you contact them directly . "
recent research by dr. megan moreno from the university of wisconsin , madison , and her colleagues found that students who discussed their drunken exploits on facebook , were much more at risk for alcoholism , than the students who were silent on this issue .
" you ca n't solve the problem , not выявив her , " the washington post said димитри христакис , co - author of moreno and the director of the center for child health , behavior and development in children 's research institute for seattle .
facebook and constantly draws all kinds of details about its users .
but facebook users know that website is watching them , like it or not - for the opportunity to play скраббл with other , in thousands of miles away from you , the site can handle your personal data .
while researchers are strictly certain rules offline - research , online data .
" as they 're imagined , was only between them and their friends . "
even offline , there is no guarantee that a very honest research .
" what you say on facebook , and what you are outside of facebook , the two completely different things , " said selwin . "
" nothing could replace an outlet in the real world and socialising with real people , " he said .
" a cold and inhuman " , anders fogh беринг breivik first time publicly trial
" i 'm a military commander of the norwegian resistance movement and knights templar norway , " he said before the 500,000 present in courtroom .
for the same reason , he refused to allow the брейвику , who brought with it a pre - written speech , go to relatives of victims in the end of the hearing .
roughly 30 survivors and relatives of the victim attended the hearing .
" it was uncomfortable , but , personally , i became a bit easier , after i saw and heard suspected . "
despite breivik 's odd idea that he is a part of the " resistance " movement , the judge ruled that he 's not a mad , and said that there was no evidence that he acted with accomplices .
but it does not diminish the automatically mountain and confusion , which now feels all the nation .
after the death of steve jobs on 5 october some compared him to henry ford , describing the technical genius as a great inventor today .
he was , of course , designer , мечтателем and regarded themselves as hippies , but he was also meticulous organizer and modernizer manufacturing process , who believed that many business leaders have suffered from the disease to think that really great idea is 90 percent of the work ... [ but ] a great idea from the great product separates a huge number of ingenious work . "
by the time it took about 10 years since , as jobs from apple , and he already was in his new computer company next while waiting for the mass of the internet .
only after the death of jobs ' total vhs - a copy was found in a garage .
for man , known for its hatred of detailed interviews , jobs here seems unusually prepared to present its technological philosophy and business strategy .
in four different points during the interview there are large intervals between questions and answers - meditations for 10-15 seconds , where jobs are clearly weighing its thoughts , to tell .
in filmed before the age of пиксара , айподов айфонов and lost interview there is something uncannily prophetic when jobs estimates that , as he sees , different companies make the right and wrong , and offers its own vision of future information technology .
he has the vision of how things could and should have been to be .
" throughout the entire time in business i constantly asked : " why did you do ? " and answers that you invariably get : " oh , it 's just done exactly that . "
by way of recording costs , often начинавшейся with " standard costs , " which took from the ceiling and then подгонялись using " clarification " , he has created automated structure , which ensured that they will be able to track business expenses until minutiae .
jobs in detail about " blue box , " which he смастерил with steve wozniak , a device that allowed people effectively взламывать telephone company and calls over long distances for free .
he says , as he and wozniak tested the box , using the phone - machine , ordering a conversation and then подсоединяясь from at&t 's network to another , not yet been as much as possible .
" we were young , and all that we have learned , is that we can build something that could control billions of dollars infrastructure around the world . "
jobs continues to describe a famous escapade , in detail with which he and wozniak almost did , calling the vatican through blue box at midnight and asking for the phone papa , struggling to copy the henry kissinger .
about the romance in the technologies ( cold bill хьюлетта 's прозванивании ) :
soon after 20 - minute telephone conversation jobs had summer подработку in hewlett - пакард .
hp jobs later became one of the employees , who visited the company 's research laboratory in palo alto , where he saw " the very first table computer .
i went to the hp as a teenager and often revolved around the cars and written for her program .
jobs speaks about the invention of new products in several places interview on the fly .
while only 30 days in the credit , he was supposed to think and build , and the delivery of finished devices .
" i remember the fierce debate ... they were shouting at me , that it will take five years [ to collect the mouse , which will cost $ 300 ] , and i was fed the throat , and released , and found a designer " .
" let 's say you work in ibm or xerox , therefore you do better copier and printer , or that ? "
sales and marketing make it more successful , so [ it 's those types of people ] eventually comes to companies , and people , making the product of the decision - makers .
he could be in ten times more could be майкрософтом early . . .
ideas you have to keep in the head of the 5,000 - these concepts , combining all of them together ...
part of what has made famous mac , was that people who worked on him , were musicians , poets , artists , зоологами , historians , who has become the world 's best specialists in information technology .
scalia and thomas lunch with opponents of the health care law , while the court considers the case
this incident took place in the last thursday , when all the nine justices met to discuss submitted for review by the petition .
judges agreed to consider the process ; in fact , behalterbau debate lasting in the 5 1/2 hours are expected in march 2012 , and the outcome will likely become a hindrance in the presidential race , which will be in full swing by the time , when a court decision .
law firm clement , bancroft pllc , was one of the nearly two dozen firms , which helped sponsor annual lunch of federalists , long the current group , constantly , the conservative legal principles .
yet another sponsor was pharmaceutical giant pflizer inc , which has enormous financial interest in the outcome of the lawsuits .
attended , among others , and mitch mcconnell , senate republican leader and prominent opponent of health law .
nothing new : the two justices attend activities society federalists have for many years .
in fact , judges free from the code of conduct that regulates the actions of the low federal judges .
however , the sheer intimacy scalia and thomas to two law firms in this case , as companies with large financial interests , was sufficient signal for activists of ethics in government .
" judges wined and dined on the official shares to raise money with lawyers , which now considered in court . "
scalia and thomas is unlikely to pay attention to the critics who say they are very eager to mix business court фигурирующими in groups like society federalists .
moreover , conservatives argue that this is the judge elena kagan raised ethical questions , not the scalia and thomas .
her critics demanded , kagan refused a hearing on this case , because it was too involved in the law 's protection then , in order to be impartial now .
boeing also sells six dreamliner boeing oman air , the size of the transactions , more than $ 1 billion .
but this is an important event , when this company - самолетостроитель прейскурантная and boeing co. , the price for all of these 50 aircraft is $ 18 billion .
in the forecast , published in the company calculates that the middle east on monday , the chicago in next 20 years will need 2,520 planes worth $ 450 billion .
later monday , boeing said , oman air ordered six boeing 787-8s , the so - called dreamliner , which can boast much better fuel economy of удобстами for passengers .
" this really is good for boeing , " neil диора , " said an analyst at morningstar .
it is important , because they less likely than other airlines , the reverse order planes when the price increase , диора said .
order emirates широкофлюзеляжных market strengthens leadership boeing aircraft and helps prevent rival airbus sas mediation efforts on its dominance with his airliner a350 .
he put debut to increase the осевую strain after customers demanded increase capacity and range .
sister , president of mexico , it is clear , lost for elections in michoacan
president felipe calderon 's sister , it seems , has made its bid for the governor of michoacan state elections during the violent , and she said on monday that the traffickers have helped to race in favour of one of her opponents .
" interference by organized crime during the entire election process , and especially yesterday is alarming , not only for michoacan , but for the whole country , " said luisa maria calderon радиоинтервью the next day after sunday 's vote .
pri ruled mexico in seven decades , unless it lost the presidency in the year 2000 .
calderon , the national action party candidate , or the ipa , headed by her brother , refused to recognize vallejo win .
ауреолес can also refused to to accept pre - the results .
in michoacan have long dominated drug cartels , which in the cannabis , heroin and метамфетаминах .
for the pri , however , no matter how terrible seemed to be elections in michoacan , victory will provide the momentum behind party .
раджат naga , managing director of the adb 's office in manila , said that the two most emerging big economies should " do everything that can to accelerate the recovery of the currency bloc with the international monetary fund or direct bilateral agreements .
" asia might be to some degree is protected , but it could not be invulnerable . "
the european monetary union was heavily undermined by the european debt crisis management in the last few months .
unfolding in europe 's debt crisis spawned fears that he once again lead the global economy to recession , and has led to calls for leading emerging economies come together to help the eurozone to find the solution .
anand sharma , india 's trade minister , said that " india will do everything that will " , to help the euro , as its own economy is now declining exports and foreign capital inflows .
" we have a grandiose objectives , and we must maintain a high level of growth " .
others assert that for emerging economies like india makes no sense to help rich europeans , when they are faced with their own deep economic problems .
" at some point they recognize that greeks are retiring at the age of 50 and ride holidays to the sea , and it will not be perceived well , " he said .
mr knag said that eurozone crisis threatening the " significant direct consequences " throughout asia .
he said that vulnerable emerging markets need to make " contingency plans " to protect themselves from the recession and dramatic оттоков capital from their economies .
defense secretary leon panetta tempers monday in congress , warning that expected automatic budget cuts will undermine national security and will bring financial chain reaction from pentagon corridors to fields of battle in afghanistan on the line and civil assembly .
" effects of these cuts would be devastating for the ministry of , " panetta said in a letter to the senators республиканцу республиканке john mccain , arizona and lindsey graham , south carolina .
" so , will make such a strong reduction , the majority of our construction projects on кораблестроению and unfulfilled -- you ca n't buy a three - quarters of the ship or buildings -- and do serious damage other modernization efforts , " panetta wrote senators .
" these changes will undermine trust , those who supports our army and will do serious damage combat readiness . "
" while not directly affected military funding overseas contingency operations секвестром , military to be severely affected by serious breakdown in the main budgets , " warned panetta .
" staff would be reduced , that will lead to опозданиям staffer with military suppliers , and legal and political support will be disrupted . "
" consequences of sequestration in the ministry of defense will be rapid decline of the united states as the world 's leading military powers . "
" this is not an option , with whom we can live together , and this is not a solution , which we must impose . "
whether panetta letter or the recent warnings of senators will lead to budget compromise or strengthen calls for the pentagon from cuts , see later .
at a press conference last week , a defence minister painted a gloomy picture of what could be further -- troops with shell , but without the kernel .
" this is a paper tiger , the army to barracks , buildings and bombs without enough trained troops , able to accomplish the mission , " panetta said in their introductory remarks in the pentagon .
and panetta said that some of the biggest defence projects may face obstacles , including those that have already been testing and some the early stages of planning .
end further development and test f 35 can save $ 80 billion over 10 years , but his supporters say that is a vital next step to improve and counter potential threats and china and other opponents .
a cursory glance at recent headlines shows how , serious and повсеместны deceit and lies in everyday life .
administration at the university of pennsylvania was charged in лжесвидетельствовании schlensker , since they allegedly hide that retired football coach raped kids .
former presidential candidate john edwards was charged with in financial fraud during the campaign that associated with укрывательством extramarital affairs .
stories about the fraud on the tests at the high school and college - standard deal .
mentors , who should teach the opposite , sends a message that lies and fraud are acceptable .
during one day , as the research shows , you can lie from the 10 % to 200 times .
another study showed that unfamiliar people солгали three times for the first 10 minutes meeting with one another .
unlike room games , like , say , charades , where you exclaim , " caught ! " detection of lies is a serious direction knowledge , based on scientific data collected over the past six decades in the prestigious universities , comprehensive research project , especially on psychology and physiology .
not out of this it is difficult to draw the conclusion that liars notice and it is difficult to expose .
i spent a few years , by examining the scientific discoveries in the vast and ever - growing segment of knowledge about lies , and it is clear that modern skill , which it is easy to learn how to identify lies - and which helps in meaningful in our complex world -- especially if your professional duties include recruiting , interviews , negotiating or management .
we know from studies that extroverts lied more frequently than introverts , that men lie about yourself , then as women -- more about other , usually in order to protect someone 's feelings that married people lied to its partners , less than unmarried ( but the lie , that they say , often наглая ) .
observe per позой that laughter , voice your subject characteristics .
rats can fix the top of his body , when trying to recall their history , they can to put their feet towards the door , bend towards the exit , or change its position in a certain way to demonstrate " relief after the interview " -- this exaggerated sigh of relief and a change in posture , when all the complicated issues behind us .
привирающие people may also use disengagement in speech : " i did n't have sexual relations with that woman miss lewinsky " or to repeat the question entirely . ...
someone can use the " language " , when the complex question : " well ... the truth ... as far as i know ... how i know . "
there is no magic to detect lies , but to master the skill detecting deception .
controversial a plan to build the pipeline needs in the review after the threat of us set aside his approval
transcanada reported on monday evening that she ever planned oil pipeline from the environmentally sensitive sand hills region in nebraska , and is confident that the project still get approval .
transcanada spokesman alex пурбас says that the company retains the confidence that she eventually will get the approval of the pipeline , but with other route .
" this a real step forward , " said fox news congressman whether terry , republican of nebraska .
obama in a written statement last week , called the decision to calling for department of state , and expressed his support .
he needs to 700,000 barrels a day the province of alberta on the refineries in texas .
his loathed environmentalists , but love unions , that hope to approximately 20,000 jobs associated with the pipeline .
the current study of the state department about the impact on the environment revealed that the project will provide only limited negative impact on the environment , but the source of the department of energy industry , said that the auditor ordered a separate examination procedures review , by focusing on two issues .
the other was the firm , that was the choice for initial research , inappropriate , as she was linked to transcanada .
family of new york , argues that disco - diva patti labelle , буйствовать begin in the lobby of their home in manhattan , trapped their малолетнюю daughter to such an extent that the vomited from fear .
it happened on november 10 last year , when working scenes kevin monk , his wife , kindergarten teacher , rosanna , and женевьева was going to go to a family trip .
rosanna monk said that she stayed near the door and спустила their daughter to the floor for a moment .
" i told her : " i am not interested in that you say , or do you think . ' "
she had a bottle of water and it began the water bottles for me .
" i said this woman : " look what you had with my daughter , " said the mother of a child .
lawyer and representatives of the labelle did not answer the calls for the comment .
" aim is to patti labelle , to answer for their action , " said davies .
2011 the year , which will go down in economic history of sinaloa as connected with mario lopez вальдеса 's first year , also called the year of change , which has high hopes on the economic development , but , given the adverse climatic conditions in the beginning of the year , growth was not , however , was registered decline in the major indicators of economic development .
according to the areas affected by the frost report , the council of mexico on sustainable rural development , suffered 835.582 hectares , of which 78.03 percent suffered whole , and the remaining 21.07 per cent suffered in part . the vegetables , corn and chickpeas were the main damaged crops .
" what we see now is the rise in unemployment , which is linked to several factors , including the loss of liquidity on the market in order to resource constraints imposed by law , which was adopted in congress , to fight money laundering , as people who own dollars , it is not easy to work with them , invest and use them in something , " he said .
lopez fought said that in the growing unemployment , there is also and demographic factor .
in addition to unemployment and violations of , another reminder of the state is represented by low chunk boards ; in the state of the lowest wages in the country , according to records of the mexican institute for social security and ministry of labour and social welfare .
for its part , министрество economic development of the state of the government only 17.280.000 pesos investment within a year , who mostly came at companies from services .
amid economic downturn in july , the state asked government during the congress of the approval of the loan in the $ 3 billion pesos , which would use for investments in infrastructure projects in 18 municipalities to revive the economy , at the local level had been approved by the 2.600 million pesos , and not expected until november advantages over debt in any state sector .
for the business community representatives the first year of the government of mario lopez вальдеса is demonstrating a lack of opportunities in government .
" the efficiency of the economy this year in sinaloa was really low , have a lot of work to regain ground lost in this year , we must redouble our efforts in 2012 , we could n't agree on the efforts of all , and , above all , good and synchronized work of the new government , we hope that next year will be much better , " he said .
lopez лоредо said that events such as earlier freeze this year , stopped by the state and its effectiveness and growth economy were limited .
" in general , we found that on this work , we believe that it is necessary to develop long - term program , which will redefine direction and economic course , you must mobilize all material and human resources , which are from sinaloa , " he said .
coparmex , the president underscored the importance of defining the future direction , to guide the government 's efforts .
he noted that the current administration has demonstrated progress in their own manner of public policy .
the prosecutor general 's office reported that the sentence drug smuggler - omar alexis valenzuela сандоваль , convicted for the crime against health , in this case , possession of cannabis with a view to distribution .
drug smuggler was driving a white car pickup , in which he was carrying a black bag in the cabinet in the car , and the passenger seat is a small rucksack , where the soldiers found eight kilograms of marijuana and 23 grams .
director of municipal social development pointed out that , while still work programmes developed , they are in danger , as the state government is unable to make appropriate contributions that amount , the 11 million pesos for all three programs .
" they should invest almost 12 million , and although the year ends , when they gave us a penny , since the beginning of july they should give us part , " he said , " not to delay , we began to work and they are very advanced , but we need the money . "
" it 's happened with us in the previous administration , because the state had no financial opportunities for participation , and programs have continued to evolve , and this year , to gain access to these programs , we need to find resources , to cover what remained to staff , " he explained .
" they have to make almost 12 million , and even year ends , they gave us a penny " .
replacing analog signals to the digital - one of the most important change that the world in recent years .
a minority of the four ministers , including the chairman of the court , juan сильву mesa , the thought that president felipe calderon not exceeded its powers , issuing the decree with the detailed description of the action for transition to digital ground on television .
olga sanchez кордеро draft statement prepared by the minister , offered to declare the decree unconstitutional because regulating radio and television program , right , enshrined in law for federal telecommunications commission ( cofetel ) , in violation of the hierarchical subordination and legislative reserve .
by this argument and the senate , and chamber of deputies held two constitutional debate , to decree and to support the complaint , sanchez кордеро minister suspended the application of the decree and all actions , the it about the transition to digital broadcasting .
in his speech , prime minister said that he disagreed with arguments project in the sense that the federal executive branch could not determine general rules measures , which should prepare for state administration .
replacing analog signals on the digital is one of the most important changes that have taken place in recent years , led to better use of radio - electric spectrum , a better signal quality and more channels .
these questions , he said , " require work throughout the system , educated on the principle of state economic management , the constitution includes a group of authorities , who together in the state executive power . "
from this we cannot conclude that the government , debated decree , which in any case the competence of the congress , provides the administrative field compliance with laws adopted by the legislative assembly , he said .
according to data the in ппрв , the difference between first and second place in the gubernatorial election is only 27 per cent , even without counting the votes of 879 total at 6.074 protocols .
in light of this election chairman of the general council of the institute of michoacan ( the ) , maria de los анхелес льяндерал zaragoza , recalled that a few days ago , on november 9 , the electoral body approved a package to agree on local rules with the federal electoral reform .
in the same day , on november 9 , the supreme court justice ( all ) made the decision on constitutional claims , by the local legislative assembly , and described as " invalid and illegal " voice representative of the constitutional reform , as he has no right to " authorize or support them . "
thus , a partial recount of one or more ballot box can be produced under conditions that : the results of the protocols do not coincide ; there is no protocol voting and counting the documents in the ballot box or he is not the chairman of ; or when there are obvious errors or corrections in the protocol .
total recount also will be , if at the end of the ordinary count found that the difference between winner and a candidate , occupied the second , less than or equal to one percentage , provided that there is a request from the political party , whose candidate won second place in the case will be excluded from ballot box , which were taken into account when partial terms .
the remains of pilot felipe басио cortez arrived the сальтильо , his native city on sunday evening ; examination and a memorial mass was held on monday .
after condolence together with other people who died in the crash , the family басио cortez коауилы aboard the aircraft returned to the capital of the mexican air force , the closest people attended the ceremony in campo march .
at 5:30 the afternoon he had passed the examination of the technological institute сантильо , organized by his former classmates in high school football team and , of which was a member felipe басио during training at the high school .
in her opinion , lieutenant colonel performed all his dreams , she believes that he was at the height of her life , " he was a successful man , an incredible father , son and a loving brother , loyal to his family . "
some did not believe him , and they said that he had a giddy , even in the truck , but he always wanted to fulfil his dream to become a pilot .
he recalls that even when he was seven years old , he traveled to сапопан on for the ceremony his relative , so he knows that his uncle died , doing what most loved in life : managing a plane .
shots of guns прогремели in honor of mexican air force lieutenant colonel , felipe cortez басио , led by governor jorge торресом лопесом , people from the village and the state government , the mexican army , from sixth military zone , the mexican air force , executives and technology high school students in сальтильо , in which he studied in 1985 and made progress and in school , and in sport , had it in the latter path .
at 18:05 of басио cortez ( кремированные ) , a resident сальтильо , profits , to be with the funeral of the members of the mexican air force , headed by major james martinez , эспланаду training school , where it has already waited for his family , including his daughter аманду and his wife christina , her mother , brothers , and other relatives , students and teachers .
a few hours before the detection of military authorities in the media showed eleven people were detained in the same municipality for crimes related to the organized crime .
discovery was discovered on the 1.5 kilometre highway кадерейта toward santiago , the hills at the commune , known as el castillo .
look inward , literally to three meters , they found three bodies of man , they immediately gave know the relevant authorities .
almost one feet of another person 's body in the red shirt and the blue jeans .
according to evidence collected there , three people were killed in another place , as on the site was not гильз .
according to information , initially on 11 november in a colony los альверо was arrested eight people , and one person , who was held hostage , was saved .
another event happened on november 12 at 06:00 a.m. , military personnel committed patrol bypass in the village of old кадерейте ranch , when i saw the car without license plates with two men in the cabin .
later , after these statements , november 13 at 2:00 p.m. one of their accomplices was stopped on public land la truth , which saw the military , tried to escape .
appointed italian prime minister , mario monti , italy will meet wednesday with president , to the new government , which will face italy on the brink of economic crisis , the disaster and нанесшим damage throughout the eurozone .
it is expected that he will submit the cabinet , made up mostly of technocrats , even though it is unclear when a new executive authority will take their position .
" i want to acknowledge its full confidence in our country 's ability to get out of this difficult period , " said the former european commissioner told reporters .
the administration headed by former european commissioner monti needs to approve the austerity package , demanded european leaders to restore trust in italy .
emma марчегалия , leader of the italian employers ' federation , told reporters after meeting with monti : " we are told , we will actively support the government . "
monti 's chances of success were largely are based on the support of silvio berlusconi 's party the ldp , which forced to resign on saturday from the crisis .
support for the ldp , the largest party in italy , is not important , because until now , many of its members opposed government majority , which consists of monti 's technocrats that forms .
monti 's new government has to be strong parliamentary support for reform , which will likely , unpopular reforms of austerity .
italian association of foreign banks increased the pressure , warning that failure to monti 's can be natural disaster .
after a short respite in the end of last week , when it became clear , that berlusconi would resign , the cost of debt in italy reached critical levels now amid the uncertainty of whether a new prime minister , will be successful .
monti said that his government will exist until the next elections , scheduled for 2013 , despite widespread predictions that the policy only will give him time to carry out reforms before new elections .
political sources say , mutual mistrust and opposition parties to make an attempt to include political figure .
from 22 players , stated in spain , has already played the 50 international matches .
insufficient contrast with costa rica , when compared to the 22 players , caused by both countries on the mighty match today at 3:05 of the day at the national stadium in san jose .
this figure was achieved in the game against panama on friday ( 0-2 ) at the stadium named rommel fernandez .
add it to experience the the spanish furies in the complex qualifications in the euro or world championship .